---
layout: post
title: Epcot (Day 3)
date: 2020-03-04 13:04:00 -0800
description: By the first hour on the third day of being in a Disney theme park, it
  was clear the long days were wearing everyone down.
tags:
- Big Trip 2020
- Blog
author: ''
image: https://www.alexdangelo.com/travel/assets/uploads/2020-03-04-epcot-starship-earth.jpg

---
By the first hour on the third day of being in a Disney theme park, it was clear the long days were wearing everyone down. The heat and humidity didn't help either.

Little Kid willingly got on rides that were in a room (progress!), including Mission: Space which involves going into a small room that simulates sitting in a rocket, blasting off, and flying around the Earth ("green side" for those who've been). He only liked it medium.

Later we tried Soarin', which simulates flying in an airplane over major landmarks (like the Eiffel Tower). He didn't like that either, but shortly after changed his mind. 

Big Kid and I tried to get on Test Track with our fancy any ride fast pass from the Magic Kingdom the day before (remember, Splash Mountain broke down). And it worked! To get us in line. Then the ride broke down after we had stood in line for a while. So they gave us a replacement any ride fast pass. But there was no ride that really needed it. The ride was still broken when we left the park.

Now our plan going into the day was to leave before dinner to go play in the pool. And we did, leaving around 4pm. Most of me was ok with leaving early. And this way we can save up energy for other days.

A good thing too. Little Kid told us he was done with rides and needed alone time. 

Back at our Airbnb, at the pool we met a family from Argentina. Parent ended up chatting with them in Spanish. They were impressed by her language skills. I could understand it but I was never able to carry a conversation in Spanish. If I tried, it would come out in rusty Italian, which they could probably understand anyway.